hey guys it's Sienna and I am here with
Katie and she's from Cornell and this is
the first time that we're meeting
actually she's another freshman yeah
class of 22 youtubers it's a good
community it really is so we are filming
a video today about assumptions and
basically spelling all the T about what
it's like to be a college student in the
Ivy League we filmed a video on her
channel where we basically did the same
thing but we're answering very different
questions so go check that out
go subscribe to around some incredible
video like I look up to her so much what
like I was coming up my channel so if
you're if you're for my channel then hit
that it's just been a compliment
festival yeah alright we love supporting
video alright let's get into the video
so the first one is that everybody is
stuck-up and super elitist
hmm we have like we joke about cults
yeah it's more something we toss around
and joke about it's definitely a little
more prevalent in the Ivy League just
because there is like that legacy status
there's people coming from you know very
old like money families the people that
I've met from like very wealthy families
right or influential like famous people
they try to hide it in like a lot of
people that you don't know what about
them at first right and if ya ever do
brag it's very like subtle or it's a
joking manner don't really shove it down
your throat
exactly yeah I mean they'll kind of be
that connection where you'll you'll
think of their last in their little flex
oh there's a building that name are you
kind of like oh yeah they probably are
most people are really really genuine
and really like normal humble kind want
to meet everyone so it's definitely not
the majority it's just like very few and
if you don't like them you don't have
dinner after them like if you're
accomplished like it should be able to
stand on its own like - I was like yeah
people yeah people definitely don't lead
with their accomplishments here it's
kind of just expected that everyone's
yeah exactly
I don't know anyone's I think you score
like that's never been yeah like a lot
of my friends like I don't even know how
they got in it Sam it's not even like
really a thing people talk about you
just kind of connect on like a
person-to-person level you're like Peggy
you're like I took a shower it's like
you can walk so you already passed the
filter exactly exactly you just get to
be a human now so we like that nobody
parties so that's pretty common
assumption Cornell definitely has hard
not like people build off of the weekend
yeah you gotta release that stress
anyway you will find people definitely
on a Friday and Saturday night they'll
be doing something know if you like to
party do not worry you'll find that here
definitely okay the professors aren't
that good they're just hype job mm-hmm
for Cornell we find that professors are
like really accomplished in their field
but then it doesn't necessarily
translate into good teaching yeah
honestly right there and passionate
about their research but students may be
a bit less I've go to a lot of seminar
classes and those are taught by
professors and they're like 15 students
or less and those professors are amazing
like they want to be teaching students
super accomplished in their field and
they're like super personable and
they've been some of my favorite
teachers ever you will find those
incredible professors and you'll get a
little stark and casually come up to
office hours like I was just reading hmm
the dating scene at Harvard is
impossible because of the hook-up
culture and because we have too much
work there's kind of this joke you're
with someone you're either like hooking
up and then you never see them again
you're married there's like no one but
oh okay we have in between
we have like I guess like real
relationships that's good
the joke is here like if you're in a
relationship you're like so tied down to
that person it's like you're married oh
no actually there are some students who
actually get married while I really
think I like engaged Oh like so money so
like at the end like during graduation
the only published like class of 2018
like seniors engagements like super cute
like they met here and I was like goals
we actually have this thing I don't know
if you guys did that it's called data
map oh yeah
Valentine's Day I would on a date if I
speak to Oh do maximum I want to know
everything they were good basically what
data match is right around Valentine's
Day students will submit profile and
then there will be like a questionnaire
answering completing this year they have
questions really really funny - yeah and
they're like make fun of your school and
like certain puzzle on this it's always
like pertaining to like your school in
the atmosphere you'll just like answer
those questions and then based on that
and an algorithm it'll match you on
Valentine's Day with a group of people I
got 13 matches like oh really yeah like
sometimes like it depends on like how
many people it is oh I don't know you're
already six oh wow we had that one but
then we had a Cornell specific ones than
that when I did it me not like two
matches oh that's better okay yeah ours
I didn't realize you can only get food
with the top two people that you
Madeleine so Harvard will sponsor at
some of the restaurants like in the
square they'll be like oh you can get
free nachos from this place we're like a
free Belgian waffle from this place you
just like show them your data matching
ma'am there's a mutual interest to meet
up so I went we ran out of free food
because it goes really quickly like
within a day yep really why there so
many people do it just for the free food
but it was also really nice to like
actually going with a date with a guy
you know and just like actually go get
food go talk like I had something really
good conversation so it was really nice
I didn't even go through in mind
[Applause]
like I got to PhD grad students cuz it
is like opening yeah all my friends were
getting freshmen yeah I was like oh
maybe you're out bad and they're like oh
like chefs was too but yeah I did I
guess I'm Casper okay okay they're grad
students looking over it yeah I feel
like they're just more desperate okay
there's only rich people mmm in the Ivy
League
this is this is when I get a lot like I
think yeah everyone is very much for
some reason the people here just like
insanely wealthy and I can block their
way in right there are like people from
like you said like yeah old money but
there's also like financial aid and a
lot of times admissions are really
trying to give different people these
opportunities they will do need blind or
yeah need London you buy anything right
so they'll face someone you know on
their achievements and their passions
and not necessarily the wealth or like
the lack thereof the common assumption
that like most people buy their win is
so false because in order to like buy
your way into a place like this like you
did donate a building like literally
millions and millions of dollars the
majority of people here ninety-nine
twenty nine percent of people don't have
that kind of money so you will not run
into that there are a few people who buy
their way in maybe through like
connections yeah their family is like in
plunger there's definitely many people
like that but the majority of people
even if they're wealthy like that's
either not taking into consideration or
even like it does not help you likely to
get it no I believe suppose they want a
variety of people from like diverse
socioeconomic backgrounds to the point
really if you're very wealthy that you
won't have a better chance of getting in
like vice versa some of the best
financial aid is like an Ivy League
Julie yeah I have a reputation for that
yeah like a lot of my friends it was
cheaper for them to come to like a place
like Harvard or Cornell then a state
school like back home just because of
how good the financial aid is 50% or
more lucky maybe even 60% of people who
are on financial aid so it definitely is
not a thing but like all the people yeah
we joke do you guys really Canada Goose
oh honey cuz like when you're looking
for it that's all you'll see on campus
like they're these very expensive winter
coats that are like red and blue you can
miss a little patch and everything when
they're like very expensive so that you
will definitely find students wearing
those and what the majority of people do
not know them and the majority of people
are that type of all these it's not like
we all just like toss or Canada ya know
takes the Canada goes to a party like
you were you're asking yeah mmm people
with Ivy League schools look down on
people who don't go to these schools no
I don't think so at all I'd be one joke
about it in memes mean thing yeah people
think they joke that they're like better
but it's not actually a mindset that
mean we'll have people who have like
friends back home like go to state
schools and other things like they're
not gonna look down upon that and I
think most people come from that
background like there's very few people
I know who it's like no everyone in my
circle it goes to nice I think you like
they're just like really aren't those
people and people should have that
empathy for people anyway yeah let's be
like look beyond the example they go to
like as human exactly it has no effect
on who you are as a person to say
anything to people who rely on the fact
that they could I got to become their
I'd my gosh
they don't have this because they were
anything else going for them so
you have to rely on the Ivy League label
because they can't stand on their own
yeah there we go
this is on Sagan on via people judge the
level of your intelligence based off
your appearance that's honestly it's
sadly true a lot of times people come
from the mindset that you do your
attractiveness and intelligent are like
mutually exclusive and you can't be both
of them and that's just like come easily
to a jury
yeah it just because you're smart or
like you did well in high school like
doesn't mean that you can't also be
attractive because like why would those
things like correlate yeah people like
to assume to me I definitely got a lot
of doe eyes like blonde like California
like I definitely have like that vibe so
people don't often think quick when they
can easy you know when I say like oh hey
like I would Harvard or like someone
asks like I'm usually like very like oh
I don't want to say it but like when I
say it they're like oh really
sorry just hard to have a face yeah it'd
just be a nice person and you can don't
judge me based on house I just know Oh
everyone's a virgin oh yeah I think the
Crimson are newspapers they publish a
report every year like how many students
are virgins like coming into the school
and then leaving it self-reported to you
I don't think it's all that's good
sometimes the movies are true you will
be people like you'll walk out everybody
that's on the doorknob yeah exactly I
think we're just experimenting in all
sorts of different areas oh yeah oh yeah
that's a real that's a real thing just
be safe about it oh you love saying that
you go to an Ivy League school
yeah no that's that's not a thing like
yeah people get pretty high and shy
people don't want to come across as God
but like they're ragging a lot of people
won't really wear like merchandise oh
yeah that's something like you wear it
on campus
oh you're like in an airport like you
don't you just don't know it definitely
people laughing look up what school you
go to law school I don't know it's like
a small school in Bostick Yolo you
part of it definitely something I
avoided conversation which is sad
because like I want to be proud of it
also there's like a whole reputation
that comes with it so when people learn
like what school you go to they like to
assume things about you just based on
that yeah exactly it's like you don't
get to know the person for what they
want to be yeah other things may bring
yes it's like it's kind of like once you
drop this the bomb oh yeah or just like
that I really bomb in general yeah like
you're like oh there's memes about it
like the Kim Kardashian one I'm against
it I go to Harvard I go to Harvard
that was like an army group or something
but no one no one says that there are no
cute guys in Ivy League and that
everyone has heard there are no criminal
goggles they're very good-looking guys
honestly yeah I think Harvard goggles is
a thing
if there's a guy who's a five typically
at Harvard mostly in eight or nine you
know I kind of compare it to like The
Bachelor
you don't like overall like in one house
like they find the guys super attractive
or like if they saw him on the street
they may be exactly wouldn't be is it
right like a lot of girls from like
other schools will be like oh like
Harvard guys like the name that comes
with it they'll instantly be more
attractive to people just because they
go to like it Ivy League school whereas
I think like for girls it's almost
opposite you're just really sad but it
almost like makes you look less
attractive in some guys Minds their
insecurities someone who can get exactly
smarter than them more money than
superior yeah if you find a guy that's
secure in his masculinity yeah we'll
probably ever get you an escort you in
your college
exactly there you go I think that is it
for this video
yes we answered a lot of questions a lot
a lot of tea today go check out her
videos please because we did even more
assess and enter way more questions so
yeah and just go subscribe to her
because she's lovely and amazing and I
word - yes if you don't already
subscribe to me use like the button down
below my lighting stuff yes very
exciting turn on my post notification so
you get notified whenever I post I make
a video every weekend and yeah alright
thank you guys see
video
[Music]